Configure CSM for Fujitsu iRMC (#45429)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ipi-install-configuring-nodes.adoc

====
Red Hat does not support Secure Boot with self-generated keys.
====

== Configuring CSM for Fujitsu iRMC

> CSM Configuration provides the support of legacy BIOS backward compatibility with UEFI systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CSM Configuration provides the support for legacy BIOS backward compatibility with UEFI systems.
```

[NOTE]
====

> When deploying with iRMC, CSM Configuration must be configured according to this section, otherwise the cluster installation may fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you are deploying with iRMC, you must configure the CSM, otherwise the cluster installation might fail.
```

====

> Refer to the hardware guide for the node and execute the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure the CSM, refer to the hardware guide for the node and execute the following:
```

. Boot the node and enter the BIOS menu.
. Enter `CSM Configuration` submenu under `Advanced`.

> . Enable `Launch CSM` and configure the items as follows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Enable `Launch CSM` and set the following values: 
```

> 

Reviewer: insert "+" , so that table will render under step 3.

====
Red Hat does not support Secure Boot with self-generated keys.
====

[discrete]

> == Configuring the Compatibility Support Module for Fujitsu iRMC

Reviewer 2: This suggestion might be out of context for this PR, but you could consider making each of these procedure sections individual module files.

You could also add an ID for this heading in a line under the `[discrete]` reference, so that the section can be directly cross-referenced.

> The Compatibility Support Module (CSM) configuration provides the support for legacy BIOS backward compatibility with UEFI systems.

Reviewer 2: You could include a mention to Fujitsu iRMC in this introductory paragraph, to give the reader context about how this section is explicit to iRMC use cases. I can determine from the heading that the section relates to  Fujitsu iRMC, but further context would be helpful in the introduction.

Author: How about moving the NOTE to this paragraph and delete the NOTE?  For example:
> The Compatibility Support Module (CSM) configuration provides support for legacy BIOS backward compatibility with UEFI systems. You must configure the CSM when you deploy a cluster with Fujitsu iRMC, otherwise the installation might fail.

Reviewer 2: That looks good and provides the necessary context in the paragraph.

[NOTE]
====
When you are deploying with iRMC, you must configure the CSM, otherwise the cluster installation might fail.
====

> 

Author: As we talked on Gmail Chat, here change to:
```
[IMPORTANT]
====
Before you configure the CSM, ensure that you have disabled the `Secure Boot Control`, which is available under `Security` -> `Secure Boot Configuration`.
====
```

[IMPORTANT]
====

> Before you configure the CSM, ensure that you have disabled the `Secure Boot Control`, which is available under `Security` -> `Secure Boot Configuration`.

Reviewer 2: You could split this into two sentences, to facilitate localisation. For example:

>  Before you configure the CSM, ensure that you have disabled Secure Boot Control. You can disable Secure Boot control under **Security** -> **Secure Boot Configuration**.

In the above example, I have also updated the back-tick references to bold font instead, because these I assume are references to UI elements. Back-ticks are typically used to refer to code references. For the initial "Secure Boot Control" references in the example line I have removed the back ticks and not replaced them with bold font, because they don't refer to the UI element specifically, but instead to the feature name.

Author: > In the above example, I have also updated the back-tick references to bold font instead, because these I assume are references to UI elements. Back-ticks are typically used to refer to code references.

+1

> For the initial "Secure Boot Control" references in the example line I have removed the back ticks and not replaced them with bold font, because they don't refer to the UI element specifically, but instead to the feature name.

In fact, "Secure Boot Control" is both the UI element and the feature name, do we need to bold it?

Author: I updated "Secure Boot Control"  to bold. If this is not appropriate, please let me know.

Reviewer 2: > In fact, "Secure Boot Control" is both the UI element and the feature name, do we need to bold it?

@hs0210 you could reference "Secure Boot Control" without using bold font when you are referring to the feature name and use bold font explicitly when you are referring to the UI element.

Author: +1

. Enter `CSM Configuration` submenu under `Advanced`.

> . Enable `Launch CSM` and set the following values: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Enable the `Launch CSM` and set the following values: 
```

> 

Reviewer 2: You could include a `.Procedure` heading here. For consistency, you could do the same in the other procedures in this module directly prior to where the procedural steps begin.

Author: I have put the `.Procedure` prior to where the procedural steps begin. PTAL.

Reviewer 2: Thank you.

> To configure the CSM, refer to the hardware guide for the node and execute the following:

Reviewer 2: What specifically is required from the hardware guide that is not in this procedure? If there is a specific step that requires the hardware guide, you could state it explicitly as a step in this procedure.

You could also provide a link to the referenced hardware guide, so that the reader can easily refer to it. I guess if the guide is dependent on the type of hardware in each use case, this would not be possible. In that case, you could potentially link to a reference site that provides an index or search facility to find the relevant guide.

Reviewer 2: If there is nothing in addition to the subsequent steps that are required from the guide, you could change this to a note.

Author: > What specifically is required from the hardware guide that is not in this procedure? If there is a specific step that requires the hardware guide, you could state it explicitly as a step in this procedure.

> If there is nothing in addition to the subsequent steps that are required from the guide, you could change this to a note.

Actually I referred to the writing method of the previous section "Manually configure the node for secure boot".  

No, no other steps are required for this line. Here is just to illustrate that the user needs to refer to the hardware guide to enter the BIOS menu and configure the CSM according to the following steps. But if change it to a note, will it be out of touch with the following content?

> You could also provide a link to the referenced hardware guide, so that the reader can easily refer to it. 

This section is specific to Fujitsu iRMC, so readers should have a hardware guide before deploying a cluster with iRMC. ​If the link is needed in this document, I will provide.

> I guess if the guide is dependent on the type of hardware in each use case, this would not be possible. In that case, you could potentially link to a reference site that provides an index or search facility to find the relevant guide.

Yes, the guide is dependent on the type of hardware in each use case and all the hardware guide can be found from https://support.ts.fujitsu.com

Author: > If there is nothing in addition to the subsequent steps that are required from the guide, you could change this to a note.

I change this to a note. PTAL.

Reviewer 2: Thank you for addressing this suggestion. Now that it is a note in the introduction, I realise that in the note, readers are pointed to the hardware guide to configure the CSM and then we provide steps directly after the note on how to do exactly that. You could update the note to compliment the steps instead. For example:

> **Note**: For information about configuring the CSM for your specific node type, refer to the hardware guide for the node.

Author: +1

. Boot the node and select the BIOS menu.

> . Under `Advanced` tab, select `CSM Configuration` from the list.

Reviewer 2: If these are references to UI elements, you could change the back-ticks to bold font.

> . Enable the `Launch CSM` and set the following values:

Reviewer 2: If "`Launch CSM`" is a reference to a UI element, you could change the back-ticks to bold font.

+
[options="header"]
|===
|Item |Value

> | Boot option filter | UEFI and Legacy

Reviewer 2: If "Boot option filter" is a UI element, you could change it to bold font. The same applies to the other items in this column in the subsequent lines.

====
Red Hat does not support Secure Boot with self-generated keys.
====

[discrete]
[id="configuring-csm-for-fujitsu-irmc_{context}"]
== Configuring the Compatibility Support Module for Fujitsu iRMC

The Compatibility Support Module (CSM) configuration provides support for legacy BIOS backward compatibility with UEFI systems. You must configure the CSM when you deploy a cluster with Fujitsu iRMC, otherwise the installation might fail.

[IMPORTANT]
====

> Before you configure the CSM, ensure that you have disabled *Secure Boot Control*. You can disable *Secure Boot control* under *Security* -> *Secure Boot Configuration*.

Reviewer 2: You could update "Secure Boot control" to "Secure Boot Control".

====

[NOTE]
====
To configure the CSM, refer to the hardware guide for the node.
====

.Procedure
. Boot the node and select the BIOS menu.

> . Under *Advanced* tab, select *CSM Configuration* from the list.

Reviewer 2: You could change "**Advanced** tab" to "the **advanced** tab".

> . Enable the *Launch CSM* and set the following values:

Reviewer 2: You could update "the **Launch CSM**" to "the **Launch CSM** option" or something similar. My apologies for not noticing this during my first review.

+
[options="header"]
|===
|Item |Value
| *Boot option filter* | UEFI and Legacy

> | *Launch PXE OpROM Policy* | UEFI only

Reviewer 2: I noticed that "Policy" is in uppercase in this line, but in lower case in the line that follows. You could update these items to match the case used in the UI element.

Author: Ah, these items are currently consistent with the UI element.
![Screenshot from 2022-05-26 14-51-57](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/53652350/172119994-d957bc22-d225-4d4b-96ca-182466c86be4.png)

Reviewer 2: Thank you for clarifying that.
